# Social Engineering App
An application to raise awareness of social engineering attacks


## THE APP

This app was made as the pratical part of my monography. The main idea was to create an app that give informations about Social Engineering and how it is used to attack
companies and people around the world. 


## TECHNOLOGIES USED IN THE DEVELOPMENT DEVELOPMENT


The app was developed using the framework React-Native for its frontend and the Google service Firebase for its backend. 

## HOW IT WORKS

First of all the user will have a quick apresentation of the app, after that, app will request initial questions data from the Firestore and show it to user. After
answering the questions, an anonymous user will be created in the Firebase to authenticate the user every time it opens the app. This authentication (that may change to a 
login and password in the future) is used to allow access to user informations in the database.
After authentication, next step is the usage of the app that consists in four main screens: Modules, Tests, History, About. 
 - Modules screen has access to all the study content that the user can use to learn more about social engineering. The content is stored in the database and this screen 
 currently generates no new data about the user.
 - Tests screen has access to all tests stored in the database that user can do to proof his knowledge. The tests are filtered by subject and randomly selected. This
 screen generates a history of the tests made by the user, his answer and if he answered it right.
 - History screen retrieve the history generated by tests screen and show it to user, besides it also show his current score and his first score generated by the first
 questions he made after app presentation.
 - About screen just provide some informations about the app like: work details, data stored, study content and so on.
 
 ## IMPROVEMENTS
 
 App has some improvements to do like make an UI more friendly, create a login page and some other things that will be done in the future.
